README.md, before:

# NAME

Plack::App::RDF::Files - serve RDF data from files

# STATUS

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/nichtich/Plack-App-RDF-Files.png)](https://travis-ci.org/nichtich/Plack-App-RDF-Files)
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/nichtich/Plack-App-RDF-Files/badge.png)](https://coveralls.io/r/nichtich/Plack-App-RDF-Files)
[![Kwalitee Score](http://cpants.cpanauthors.org/dist/Plack-App-RDF-Files.png)](http://cpants.cpanauthors.org/dist/Plack-App-RDF-Files)

# SYNOPSIS

    my $app = Plack::App::RDF::Files->new(
        base_dir => '/path/to/rdf/
    );

    # Requests URI            =>  RDF files
    # http://example.org/     =>  /path/to/rdf/*.(nt|ttl|rdfxml)
    # http://example.org/foo  =>  /path/to/rdf/foo/*.(nt|ttl|rdfxml)
    # http://example.org/x/y  =>  /path/to/rdf/x/y/*.(nt|ttl|rdfxml)

# DESCRIPTION

This [PSGI](https://metacpan.org/pod/PSGI) application serves RDF from files. Each accessible RDF resource
corresponds to a (sub)directory, located in a common based directory. All RDF
files in a directory are merged and returned as RDF graph.

HTTP HEAD and conditional GET requests are supported by ETag and
Last-Modified-Headers (see [Plack::Middleware::ConditionalGET](https://metacpan.org/pod/Plack::Middleware::ConditionalGET)).

# CONFIGURATION

- base\_dir

    Mandatory base directory that all resource directories are located in.

- base\_uri

    The base URI of all resources. If no base URI has been specified, the
    base URI is taken from the PSGI request.

- file\_types

    An array of RDF file types, given as extensions to look for. Set to
    `['rdfxml','nt','ttl']` by default.

- index\_property

    By default a HTTP 404 error is returned if one tries to access the base
    directory. Enable this option to also serve RDF data from this location.

    RDF property to use for listing all resources connected to the base URI (if
    <include\_index> is enabled).  Set to `rdfs:seeAlso` if set to 1.

    _This feature is currently disabled_

- path\_map

    Optional code reference that maps a local part of an URI to a relative
    directory. Set to the identity mapping by default.

- namespaces

    Optional namespaces for serialization, passed to [RDF::Trine::Serializer](https://metacpan.org/pod/RDF::Trine::Serializer).

# METHODS

## call( $env )

Core method of the PSGI application.

The following PSGI environment variables are read and/or set by the
application.

- rdf.uri

    The requested URI

- rdf.iterator

    The [RDF::Trine::Iterator](https://metacpan.org/pod/RDF::Trine::Iterator) that will be used for serializing, if
    `psgi.streaming` is set. One can use this variable to catch the RDF
    data in another post-processing middleware.

- rdf.files

    An hash of source filenames, each with the number of triples (on success)
    as property `size`, an error message as `error` if parsing failed, and
    the timestamp of last modification as `mtime`. `size` and `error` may
    not be given before parsing, if `rdf.iterator` is set.

If an existing resource does not contain triples, the axiomatic triple
`$uri rdf:type rdfs:Resource` is returned.

## files( $env )

Get a list of RDF files (as hash reference) that will be read for a given
request, given as [PSGI](https://metacpan.org/pod/PSGI) environment.

The requested URI is saved in field `rdf.uri` of the request environment.  On
success returns the base directory and a list of files, each mapped to its last
modification time.  Undef is returned if the request contained invalid
characters (everything but `a-zA-Z0-9:.@/-` and the forbidden sequence `../`
or a sequence starting with `/`) or if the request equals ro the base URI and
`include_index` was not enabled.

## headers( $files ) 

Get a response headers object (as provided by [Plack::Util](https://metacpan.org/pod/Plack::Util)::headers) with
ETag and Last-Modified from a list of RDF files given as returned by the files
method.

# SEE ALSO

Use [Plack::Middleware::Negotiate](https://metacpan.org/pod/Plack::Middleware::Negotiate) to add content negotiation based on
an URL parameter and/or suffix.

See [RDF::LinkedData](https://metacpan.org/pod/RDF::LinkedData) for a different module to serve RDF as linked data.
See also [RDF::Flow](https://metacpan.org/pod/RDF::Flow) and [RDF::Lazy](https://metacpan.org/pod/RDF::Lazy) for processing RDF data.

See [http://foafpress.org/](http://foafpress.org/) for a similar approach in PHP.

# COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE

Copyright Jakob Voss, 2014-

This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
the same terms as Perl itself.

Commit message:

fix feature index_property, remove include_index

README.md, after:

# NAME

Plack::App::RDF::Files - serve RDF data from files

# STATUS

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/nichtich/Plack-App-RDF-Files.png)](https://travis-ci.org/nichtich/Plack-App-RDF-Files)
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/nichtich/Plack-App-RDF-Files/badge.png)](https://coveralls.io/r/nichtich/Plack-App-RDF-Files)
[![Kwalitee Score](http://cpants.cpanauthors.org/dist/Plack-App-RDF-Files.png)](http://cpants.cpanauthors.org/dist/Plack-App-RDF-Files)

# SYNOPSIS

    my $app = Plack::App::RDF::Files->new(
        base_dir => '/path/to/rdf/
    );

    # Requests URI            =>  RDF files
    # http://example.org/     =>  /path/to/rdf/*.(nt|ttl|rdfxml)
    # http://example.org/foo  =>  /path/to/rdf/foo/*.(nt|ttl|rdfxml)
    # http://example.org/x/y  =>  /path/to/rdf/x/y/*.(nt|ttl|rdfxml)

# DESCRIPTION

This [PSGI](https://metacpan.org/pod/PSGI) application serves RDF from files. Each accessible RDF resource
corresponds to a (sub)directory, located in a common based directory. All RDF
files in a directory are merged and returned as RDF graph.

HTTP HEAD and conditional GET requests are supported by ETag and
Last-Modified-Headers (see [Plack::Middleware::ConditionalGET](https://metacpan.org/pod/Plack::Middleware::ConditionalGET)).

# CONFIGURATION

- base\_dir

    Mandatory base directory that all resource directories are located in.

- base\_uri

    The base URI of all resources. If no base URI has been specified, the
    base URI is taken from the PSGI request.

- file\_types

    An array of RDF file types, given as extensions to look for. Set to
    `['rdfxml','nt','ttl']` by default.

- index\_property

    By default a HTTP 404 error is returned if one tries to access the base
    directory. Enable this option by setting it to 1 or to an URI, to also serve
    RDF data from the base directory.  By default
    `http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#seeAlso` is used as index property, if
    enabled.

- path\_map

    Optional code reference that maps a local part of an URI to a relative
    directory. Set to the identity mapping by default.

- namespaces

    Optional namespaces for serialization, passed to [RDF::Trine::Serializer](https://metacpan.org/pod/RDF::Trine::Serializer).

# METHODS

## call( $env )

Core method of the PSGI application.

The following PSGI environment variables are read and/or set by the
application.

- rdf.uri

    The requested URI

- rdf.iterator

    The [RDF::Trine::Iterator](https://metacpan.org/pod/RDF::Trine::Iterator) that will be used for serializing, if
    `psgi.streaming` is set. One can use this variable to catch the RDF
    data in another post-processing middleware.

- rdf.files

    An hash of source filenames, each with the number of triples (on success)
    as property `size`, an error message as `error` if parsing failed, and
    the timestamp of last modification as `mtime`. `size` and `error` may
    not be given before parsing, if `rdf.iterator` is set.

If an existing resource does not contain triples, the axiomatic triple
`$uri rdf:type rdfs:Resource` is returned.

## files( $env )

Get a list of RDF files (as hash reference) that will be read for a given
request, given as [PSGI](https://metacpan.org/pod/PSGI) environment.

The requested URI is saved in field `rdf.uri` of the request environment.  On
success returns the base directory and a list of files, each mapped to its last
modification time.  Undef is returned if the request contained invalid
characters (everything but `a-zA-Z0-9:.@/-` and the forbidden sequence `../`
or a sequence starting with `/`), or if called with the base URI and
`index_property` not enabled.

## headers( $files ) 

Get a response headers object (as provided by [Plack::Util](https://metacpan.org/pod/Plack::Util)::headers) with
ETag and Last-Modified from a list of RDF files given as returned by the files
method.

# SEE ALSO

Use [Plack::Middleware::Negotiate](https://metacpan.org/pod/Plack::Middleware::Negotiate) to add content negotiation based on
an URL parameter and/or suffix.

See [RDF::LinkedData](https://metacpan.org/pod/RDF::LinkedData) for a different module to serve RDF as linked data.
See also [RDF::Flow](https://metacpan.org/pod/RDF::Flow) and [RDF::Lazy](https://metacpan.org/pod/RDF::Lazy) for processing RDF data.

See [http://foafpress.org/](http://foafpress.org/) for a similar approach in PHP.

# COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE

Copyright Jakob Voss, 2014-

This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
the same terms as Perl itself.
